README.md, before:

# nw-react-slider
A React Slider

Authors: [Drew Schuster](https://github.com/dtschust) & [Greg Mathews](https://github.com/gregsqueeb)

[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/nw-react-slider.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/nw-react-slider)
[![npm downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/nw-react-slider.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/nw-react-slider)

## Demo

[✨DEMO ✨](http://nerdwallet.github.io/nw-react-slider)

To run the demo locally with live reload functionality:
```
npm install
PORT=3000 npm start
```

Then open [`localhost:3000`](http://localhost:3000) in a browser.

To run the demo locally without live reload:
```
npm install
PORT=3000 npm run start-static
```

## Installation

The easiest way to use nw-react-slider is to install it from NPM and include it in your own build process (Webpack, Browserify, etc)
```
$ npm install --save nw-react-slider
```

You can also use the standalone UMD build by including `dist/nw-react-slider.js` or `dist/nw-react-slider.min.js`, as well as the styles from `dist/nw-react-slider.css` or `dist/nw-react-slider.min.css`.

## Example usage

```js
/** @jsx React.DOM */
var React = require('react')
var ReactDOM = require('react-dom')
var Slider = require('nw-react-slider')

var App = React.createClass({

  handleChange: function () {
    console.log('Change');
  },

  render: function () {
    return (
      <Slider
        value={0}
        min={0}
        max={10}
        ticks
        markers={[{value: 3, label: 'Three'}, {value: 8, label: 'Eight'}]}
        onChange={this.handleChange}/>
    )
  }
})

ReactDOM.render(<App/>, document.body)
```

## Details
A `<NWReactSlider/>` element is an improved upon version of an HTML5 range type input. You are able to smoothly drag the handle no matter how large or small the number of your steps are, and you are able to style it more effectively. You can also add tick marks to your steps if you wish. `<NWReactSlider/>` is also compatible with IE9.

## Styles
Styles are generated from `src/slider.less`. That can be pulled directly into your build process if you use `less` already, or you can pull the generated CSS from either `dist/nw-react-slider.css` or `dist/nw-react-slider.min.css`.

## API
Props:

**`value`**: (`React.PropTypes.number`) Determines the start position of your slider. Must be a number between `min` and `max`. Default `value` is `min`.


**`min`**: (`React.PropTypes.number`) The smallest number you want in the range. Default `min` is 0.

**`max`**: (`React.PropTypes.number`) The largest number you want in the range. Default `max` is 10.

**`ticks`**: (`React.PropTypes.bool`) A boolean to show tick marks on the slider. Default true.

**`markerLabel`**: (`React.PropTypes.array`) An array filled with values and labels for which position on the slider track you want to mark

**`onChange`**: (`React.PropTypes.func`) A function that will be fired when the position of the handle changes. Default none

**`displayFollowerPopover`**: (`React.PropTypes.bool`) A boolean to show a floating label below the handle. Default false

## Contributing

See CONTRIBUTING.md

## License

MIT

Commit message:

Updated README.md to reflect that the project is no longer being maintained. (#26)
- Added text to this effect.
- Added unmaintained.tech button, because buttons are cool.

README.md, after:

# nw-react-slider
A React Slider

Authors: [Drew Schuster](https://github.com/dtschust) & [Greg Mathews](https://github.com/gregsqueeb)

[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/nw-react-slider.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/nw-react-slider)
[![npm downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/nw-react-slider.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/nw-react-slider)
[![No Maintenance Intended](http://unmaintained.tech/badge.svg)](http://unmaintained.tech/)

## ⚠️ THIS PROJECT IS NO LONGER MAINTAINED ⚠️
This project is no longer being actively maintained. There are some great alternatives to this project out there; we are using [rc-slider](https://github.com/react-component/slider).

## Demo

[✨DEMO ✨](http://nerdwallet.github.io/nw-react-slider)

To run the demo locally with live reload functionality:
```
npm install
PORT=3000 npm start
```

Then open [`localhost:3000`](http://localhost:3000) in a browser.

To run the demo locally without live reload:
```
npm install
PORT=3000 npm run start-static
```

## Installation

The easiest way to use nw-react-slider is to install it from NPM and include it in your own build process (Webpack, Browserify, etc)
```
$ npm install --save nw-react-slider
```

You can also use the standalone UMD build by including `dist/nw-react-slider.js` or `dist/nw-react-slider.min.js`, as well as the styles from `dist/nw-react-slider.css` or `dist/nw-react-slider.min.css`.

## Example usage

```js
/** @jsx React.DOM */
var React = require('react')
var ReactDOM = require('react-dom')
var Slider = require('nw-react-slider')

var App = React.createClass({

  handleChange: function () {
    console.log('Change');
  },

  render: function () {
    return (
      <Slider
        value={0}
        min={0}
        max={10}
        ticks
        markers={[{value: 3, label: 'Three'}, {value: 8, label: 'Eight'}]}
        onChange={this.handleChange}/>
    )
  }
})

ReactDOM.render(<App/>, document.body)
```

## Details
A `<NWReactSlider/>` element is an improved upon version of an HTML5 range type input. You are able to smoothly drag the handle no matter how large or small the number of your steps are, and you are able to style it more effectively. You can also add tick marks to your steps if you wish. `<NWReactSlider/>` is also compatible with IE9.

## Styles
Styles are generated from `src/slider.less`. That can be pulled directly into your build process if you use `less` already, or you can pull the generated CSS from either `dist/nw-react-slider.css` or `dist/nw-react-slider.min.css`.

## API
Props:

**`value`**: (`React.PropTypes.number`) Determines the start position of your slider. Must be a number between `min` and `max`. Default `value` is `min`.


**`min`**: (`React.PropTypes.number`) The smallest number you want in the range. Default `min` is 0.

**`max`**: (`React.PropTypes.number`) The largest number you want in the range. Default `max` is 10.

**`ticks`**: (`React.PropTypes.bool`) A boolean to show tick marks on the slider. Default true.

**`markerLabel`**: (`React.PropTypes.array`) An array filled with values and labels for which position on the slider track you want to mark

**`onChange`**: (`React.PropTypes.func`) A function that will be fired when the position of the handle changes. Default none

**`displayFollowerPopover`**: (`React.PropTypes.bool`) A boolean to show a floating label below the handle. Default false

## Contributing

See CONTRIBUTING.md

## License

MIT
